Add mirror gateway document (#2105)
vdaas/vald: docs/user-guides/mirroring-configuration.md

# Mirror Configuration

This page describes how to enable mirroring features on the Vald cluster.

> Before using the mirroring functions, please check [the Vald Mirror Gateway document](https://vald.vdaas.org/docs/overview/component/mirror-gateway) for what you can do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you use the mirroring functions, please look at [the Vald Mirror Gateway document](../../docs/component/mirror-gateway.md) for what you can do.
```

  ...
    gateway_config:
    ...
      # gRPC client configuration (overrides defaults.grpc.client)
      client: {}
      # The interval to advertise addresses of Mirror Gateway to other Mirror Gateway.
      advertise_interval: "1s"
      # The target namespace to discover ValdMirrorTarget (CR) resource.
      # The default value is its own namespace.
      namespace: "vald"
      # The group name of the Mirror Gateways (optional).
      # It is used to discover ValdMirrorTarget resources (CR) with the same group name.
      # The default value is empty.
      group: "group1"
      # The duration to discover other mirror gateways in the same group.
      discovery_duration: 1s
      # The colocation name of the data center (optional).
      colocation: "dc1"
```

The cluster role configuration is required when you deploy Vald clusters with Vald Mirror Gateway on multiple Namespaces in the Kubernetes cluster.

Please refer to [Cluster Role Configuration](https://vald.vdaas.org/docs/user-guides/cluster-role-binding/) about cluster role settings for Mirror Gateway.

### Custom Resource Configuration

The Mirror Gateway is not connected to other mirror gateways when deployed.

> The Vald Mirror gateway connects to another Mirror Gateway component specified in the `ValdMirrorTarget` resource (Custom Resource).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Vald Mirror Gateway connects to another Mirror Gateway component specified in the `ValdMirrorTarget` resource (Custom Resource).
```
